<!-- 1. no remainder % -->

MyCustomLang - Language Definitions:

SYNTAX:
* in coplex expressions like this: x<=5 && x ==5 && v, you must wrap each part with (), unless it's part made of one operand - for example the v in the above example: (x<=5) && (x ==5) && v
* can only send identifiers or literals as arguments for a function but not expressions or other
    functions: fun(x+1) -> not allowed
* can't send literals of array/tuple as a function argument - func(x, 5, [2, 4], (g, 4)) -> not allowed
* boolean literal are true/false, no capital letters
* nested expression should be wrapped with ()
* can't call a function inside if another function like: min(3, max(2, 5)), or print(min(3,5))


1. func: Definition of a function

Arithmetic Functions:

1.  Addition (+)
    Python Function Name: add(x, y)
    Description: Returns the sum of two numbers.

2.  Subtraction (Subtract)
    Python Function Name: sub(x, y)
    Description: Returns the difference between two numbers.

3.  Multiplication (Multiply)
    Python Function Name: mul(x, y)
    Description: Returns the product of two numbers.

4.  Division (Divide)
    Python Function Name: div(x, y)
    Description: Returns the quotient of two numbers. Raises an error if y is 0.

5.  Exponentiation (Power)
    Python Function Name: pow(x, y)
    Description: Returns x raised to the power of y.

6.  Square Root (Square Root)
    Python Function Name: sqrt(x)
    Description: Returns the square root of x.

Logical Operations and Comparisons:

7.  Equality (Equal)
    Python Function Name: equal(x, y)
    Description: Checks if two values are equal.

8.  Inequality (Not Equal)
    Python Function Name: not_equal(x, y)
    Description: Checks if two values are not equal.

9.  Greater Than (Greater Than)
    Python Function Name: greater(x, y)
    Description: Checks if x is greater than y.

10. Greater Than or Equal (Greater Than or Equal)
    Python Function Name: greaterEquals(x, y)
    Description: Checks if x is greater than or equal to y.

11. Less Than (Less Than)
    Python Function Name: less(x, y)
    Description: Checks if x is less than y.

12. Less Than or Equal (Less Than or Equal)
    Python Function Name: lessEquals(x, y)
    Description: Checks if x is less than or equal to y.

13. Logical AND (And)
    Python Function Name: And(x, y)
    Description: Returns True if both conditions are true, otherwise returns False.

14. Logical OR (Or)
    Python Function Name: Or(x, y)
    Description: Returns True if at least one of the conditions is true, otherwise returns False.

15. Logical NOT (Negate)
    Python Function Name: negate(expression)
    Description: Returns the logical negation of the expression.

Variable Management:

16. Assignment (Assign)
    Python Function Name: assign(varsDict, x, y)
    Description: Assigns the value of y to the variable x and stores it in the variable dictionary.

17. Minimum (Min)
    Python Function Name: min(x, y)
    Description: Returns the smaller of the two values.

18. Maximum (Max)
    Python Function Name: max(x, y)
    Description: Returns the larger of the two values.

String Operations:

19. Replace (REPLACE)
    Python Function Name: REPLACE(container, find, replace)
    Description: Replaces all occurrences of a substring within a string with another substring.

20. Is Uppercase (isUpper)
    Python Function Name: isUpper(text)
    Description: Checks if all characters in a string are uppercase.

21. Is Lowercase (isLower)
    Python Function Name: isLower(text)
    Description: Checks if all characters in a string are lowercase.

22. Concatenate (CONCAT)
    Python Function Name: CONCAT(first, last)
    Description: Concatenates two strings into one.

Custom Tuple Operations:

23. Find Index (Index)
    Python Function Name: index(value)
    Description: Finds the index of the first occurrence of a value in the tuple.

24. Sort Tuple (Sort)
    Python Function Name: sorted()
    Description: Returns a new tuple with the values sorted.

25. Get Tuple Length (Length)
    Python Function Name: length()
    Description: Returns the number of elements in the tuple.

24. Range Tuple (Range)
    Python Function Name: rangeTuple(end, start=0)
    Description: Generates a range tuple from start to end.

Array Functions:

25. Get Array Length (Length)
    Python Function Name: length()
    Description: Returns the number of elements in the array.

26. Find Index (Index)
    Python Function Name: index(element)
    Description: Finds the index of the first occurrence of an element in the array.

27. Get Item by Index (Array(i))
    Python Function Name: get(i)
    Description: Retrieves the element at the specified index.

28. Add Item (Add(i))
    Python Function Name: addItem(i, element)
    Description: Inserts an element at the specified index.

29. Append Item (Append)
    Python Function Name: append(element)
    Description: Appends an element to the end of the array.

30. Remove Item (Remove(i))
    Python Function Name: remove(i)
    Description: Removes the element at the specified index.


